https://www.quora.com/Which-programming-languages-will-be-most-valuable-in-the-IoT-Internet-of-Things

---

https://redmonk.com/sogrady/category/programming-languages/



---

http://redmonk.com/sogrady/2016/02/24/2016-predictions/

"Slack is (One of) The New Platform(s):
Based in large part on the absurd success, both in terms of marketshare and revenue, of Microsoft’s twin platforms, Office and Windows, software businesses ever since have attempted to become platforms. Most of these efforts historically have ended in failure. Becoming a platform, as it turns out, is both expensive and entirely dependent on something that is intensely difficult to predict: volume traction. Even for well capitalized would be players with platform ambitions, the dynamics that lead to the annointment as a platform are difficult to navigate.

Few, particularly those who still regard Slack as a jumped up instant messaging client, would have anticipated that Slack would become such a platform, but it’s well on its way. We have had persistent group chat clients and capabilities for decades, at this point, and for all of their immense user traction, even the most popular IM networks never made the jump to platform. Domestically, at least: China’s networks are materially distinct here.

Most obviously, Slack’s growing its userbase: it essentially quadrupled over the past calendar year from around 500,000 users to over 2 million. But the important jump was in its app catalog. From 150 apps in the catalog at launch, Slack has almost doubled that number to 280 at the moment. And we’re seeing significant interest and traction from third parties who’d like to add themselves to that number, because Slack is checking an increasing number of the boxes first class platforms have to to be taken seriously.

When we look back on 2016, then, it will be regarded as the year that Slack became a platform."

--

"Open Source Hardware Becomes a Measureable Player:
We’ve known for some time that the largest internet providers have been heavily vertically integrated, more so by the year. From Google’s custom servers to Facebook’s custom networking gear to Amazon’s custom racks and custom chips built with Intel, the web pioneers have little reliance today on external integrated products. For all that traditional incumbents have attempted to portray themselves as arms suppliers to the world’s biggest and fastest web properties, the reality is that they at best have been relegated to niche suppliers and at worst have been cut out of the supply chain entirely. Initiatives like Facebook’s Open Compute project have only helped accelerate this trend, by democratizing access to hard-won insights in high-scale compute, network, storage problems.

Vendors have sprung up around these and other efforts – Cumulus Networks, for example – and this will inevitably continue, as the same forces that sought to excise the margin on first software and then compute continue towards networking and storage. Call it the fulfillment of the disruption that began as far back as 2014, but in the year ahead we’ll see hard impacts from open source hardware on large existing incumbents."

--

"AI Will Be Turned Loose on Crime:
For anyone who’s listened to the first season of Serial, one of the things that hits you is just how much data there is to process. From verbal statements to timelines to maps to cell tower records to email threads, it’s an immense amount of information to keep track of, even for a single victim crime. With each offense, the complexity goes up commensurately.

Complexity and synthesis of multiple forms of disparate information – particularly tedious, numerical information – is not something that people in general do particularly well. Computers, on the other hand, are exceptional at it. With the accompanying improvements in natural language processing, additionally, it’s possible to envision Philip K Dick-like AI-detectives that can process thousands of streams of information quickly and dispassionately, rendering judgements on outcomes.

We’re a little ways off from Blade Runner, of course – Moravec’s Paradox still holds, even if yesterday’s Atlas videos are terrifying. But purely from an analysis perspective, we’re clearly at the point where an AI could assist in at least some investigatory elements.

What would the interest be from the AI side? Clearly not financial, because even if the system worked perfectly it would likely take a decade or more to address law enforcement and legal concerns. No, the primary benefit would be marketing value. IBM didn’t have Watson play Jeopardy for the prize money; the benefit was instead marketing, introducing the first computer to play and beat humans at a spoken language game.

With that in mind, it’s difficult to imagine a higher profile potential marketing opportunity than true crime. Consider the transcendent success of Serial and the more recent popularity of Netflix’s Making a Murderer. What if an AI project could be a primary factor behind the discovery of a miscarriage of justice?

It would be very interesting indeed, which is why we might see it in 2016."

--

